RHIDP-3008: Add docs PR github template (#345)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: .github/pull_request_template.md

<!--- PR title format: [GH#<gh-issue-id>][BZ#<bz-issue-id>][RHIDP#<jira-issue-id>]: <short-description-of-the-pr> --->

<!--- If your changes apply to the latest release and/or in-development version of RHDH, open your PR against the `main` branch, then ensure that your PR is cherrypicked to any appropriate released branches. --->

**Version(s):**
<!--- Specify the version(s) of RHDH your PR applies to. -->

**Issue:**
<!--- Add a link to the Bugzilla, Jira, or GitHub issue. --->

**Link to docs preview:**
<!--- Add direct link(s) to the exact page(s) with updated content from the preview build. --->

**Reviews:**
- [ ] SME: @ mention assignee
- [ ] QE: @ mention assignee
<!--- QE approval is required to merge a PR except for changes that do not impact the meaning of the docs. --->
- [ ] Docs peer review: @ mention assignee
<!--- Docs peer review approval is required for ALL PRs. --->

**Additional information:**
<!--- Optional: Include additional context or expand the description here.--->

> <!--- After you open your PR, ask for review from the RHDH docs team via Slack. --->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!--- After you open your PR, request reviews all required stakeholders via Slack GitHub, or Jira. --->
```
Eh? It would be nice for ANY contributor to take responsibility for meeting all review requirements instead of defaulting SME/QE reviewer-chasing tasks to the Docs team. And how they do it is up to them. WDYT?
